# [\#374 Issue](https://github.com/V-Sekai/manuals/issues/374) `closed`: V-Sekai Social VR Meeting agenda for 2022-10-02
**Labels**: `enhancement`, `help wanted`


#### <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/32321?u=c2e06a3d2b49a467aa907e54aa259516440267cc&v=4" width="50">[fire](https://github.com/fire) opened issue at [2022-09-19 23:44](https://github.com/V-Sekai/manuals/issues/374):

### V-Sekai version

6b42f028b7dfc3873f2c4001bc2b853bfb7945f6

### System information

Windows 10, Nvidia 3000 series

### Issue description

This meeting will be on 2022-09-25 (America/Vancouver) in the [V-Sekai Discord](https://discord.gg/7BQDHesck8) within the staff channel. During the meeting, we will be using the voice text chat channel to manage a speaker queue, post links, and for any sidebar discussions.

We wish to improve our processes for notifying and running meetings.

## Attendees

* @fire 
* Any staff members

## Agenda for 20 minutes:

What features do we need to build for V-Sekai for a 2022 release?

- [ ] Debugging xrcontroller in V-sekai blocker for user movement.
- [ ] V-Sekai shard browsing for online running servers is offline and the list is broken and blocks collaborating
- [ ] Being unable to validate the scene downloads blocks us from inviting friends and new collaborators.
- [ ] Locomotion doesn't hide the vision in itch builds.
- [ ] Has iFire streamed working nano sized features this weekend?
- [ ] Evaluate and publish VRM to the 4.0 Asset Library
- [ ] Evaluate and publish Unidot to the 4.0 Asset Library
- [ ] Disable AnimationTree import in Unidot

Show and tell
  - [x] Faster downloads in V-Sekai
  - [x] Godot 64 bit float
  - [ ] Lyuma's dice shader port
  - [ ] Open to registering V-Sekai and Godot Engine gltf extensions.
  - [ ] gltf document extensions work with Lyuma, Fire and Aaron Frankee
  - [ ] Optimize gltf importers. https://github.com/tefusion/godot-subdiv https://github.com/fire/MaterialX
  - [x] Godot javascript as a wasgo replacement up to emulating wasm as js. Missing capability profiles.
  - [x] Sketch a slice-of-life social vr experience (text, diagrams) https://github.com/V-Sekai-fire/VSK_slice_of_life.git

Create next weeks agenda

To propose another item for the agenda, comment below (preferably before the meeting).

### Steps to reproduce

None.

### Minimal reproduction project

None.

#### <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/1340967?u=fce52426fb45ed5d7e2b3f5d7c040b4a7c5ec12a&v=4" width="50">[benbot](https://github.com/benbot) commented at [2022-09-23 13:09](https://github.com/V-Sekai/manuals/issues/374#issuecomment-1256191110):

I'd like to talk about the player experience. 
We talk a lot about the tech behind VSekai, bc we're all technical people, but it'd be nice to understand what we want the players' experience to be.

#### <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/32321?u=c2e06a3d2b49a467aa907e54aa259516440267cc&v=4" width="50">[fire](https://github.com/fire) commented at [2022-09-24 16:14](https://github.com/V-Sekai/manuals/issues/374#issuecomment-1257003937):

I got stuck debugging xrcontroller in V-sekai itâ€™s a blocker for user movement.

#### <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/32321?u=c2e06a3d2b49a467aa907e54aa259516440267cc&v=4" width="50">[fire](https://github.com/fire) commented at [2022-09-24 16:36](https://github.com/V-Sekai/manuals/issues/374#issuecomment-1257009256):

> understand what we want the players' experience to be

I agree. I'll see what I can do about sketching (text, diagrams) something to show to the group.

Edited:

Started a repository https://github.com/V-Sekai-fire/VSK_slice_of_life.git

#### <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/32321?u=c2e06a3d2b49a467aa907e54aa259516440267cc&v=4" width="50">[fire](https://github.com/fire) commented at [2022-09-27 22:39](https://github.com/V-Sekai/manuals/issues/374#issuecomment-1260146746):

This meeting did not happen on Sunday. Will try this weekend.

#### <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/32321?u=c2e06a3d2b49a467aa907e54aa259516440267cc&v=4" width="50">[fire](https://github.com/fire) commented at [2022-10-03 02:05](https://github.com/V-Sekai/manuals/issues/374#issuecomment-1264836393):

### System information

Windows 10, Nvidia 3000 series

### Issue description

This meeting was on 2022-10-02 (America/Vancouver) in the [V-Sekai Discord](https://discord.gg/7BQDHesck8) within the staff channel. During the meeting, we will be using the voice text chat channel to manage a speaker queue, post links, and for any sidebar discussions.

We wish to improve our processes for notifying and running meetings.

## Attendees

* @fire 
* @lyuma

## Agenda for 20 minutes:

What features do we need to build for V-Sekai for a 2022 release?

- [x] Copy.ai generated documentation and summarization
- [x] Evaluate and publish VRM to the 4.0 Asset Library
- [x] Evaluate and publish Unidot to the 4.0 Asset Library
- [x] Event planning

Show and tell

Create next weeks agenda

To propose another item for the agenda, comment below (preferably before the meeting).

### Steps to reproduce

None.

### Minimal reproduction project

None.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------



[Export of Github issue for [V-Sekai/manuals](https://github.com/V-Sekai/manuals).]
